Add stops.stop_access field (#515)
google/transit: gtfs/spec/en/reference.md

|  `level_id` | Foreign ID referencing `levels.level_id` | Optional | Level of the location. The same level may be used by multiple unlinked stations.|
|  `platform_code` | Text | Optional | Platform identifier for a platform stop (a stop belonging to a station). This should be just the platform identifier (eg. "G" or "3"). Words like “platform” or "track" (or the feed’s language-specific equivalent) should not be included. This allows feed consumers to more easily internationalize and localize the platform identifier into other languages. |

> |  `stop_access` | Enum | **Conditionally Forbidden** | Indicates how the stop is accessed for a particular station. Valid options are: <br><br>`0` - The stop/platform cannot be directly accessed from the street network. It must be accessed from a station entrance if there is one defined for the station, otherwise the station itself. If there are pathways defined for the station, they must be used to access the stop/platform.<br>`1` - Directions for access should be generated directly to the stop, independent of any entrances or pathways of the parent station.<br><br>When `stop_access` is empty, the access for the specified stop or platform is considered undefined.<br><br>**Conditionally Forbidden**:<br>- **Forbidden** for locations which are stations (`location_type=1`), entrances (`location_type=2`), generic nodes (`location_type=3`) or boarding areas (`location_type=4`).<br>- **Forbidden** if `parent_station` is empty.<br> - Optional otherwise. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  `stop_access` | Enum | **Conditionally Forbidden** | Indicates how the stop is accessed for a particular station. Valid options are: <br><br>`0` - The stop/platform cannot be directly accessed from the street network. It must be accessed from a station entrance if there is one defined for the station, otherwise the station itself. If there are pathways defined for the station, they must be used to access the stop/platform.<br>`1` - Consuming applications should generate directions for access directly to the stop, independent of any entrances or pathways of the parent station.<br><br>When `stop_access` is empty, the access for the specified stop or platform is considered undefined.<br><br>**Conditionally Forbidden**:<br>- **Forbidden** for locations which are stations (`location_type=1`), entrances (`location_type=2`), generic nodes (`location_type=3`) or boarding areas (`location_type=4`).<br>- **Forbidden** if `parent_station` is empty.<br> - Optional otherwise. |
```

I intend to vote in favor but I do have another wording suggestion to add (sorry!). As presently worded I instinctively interpreted it as a mandate for the producer to "generate" pathways data for the stop because of the passive voice. Can we switch it to active voice to clarify that this is a *consumer* action?

Author: LGTM, thanks @westontrillium !

This clarification regarding the subject does not change the meaning of the original description, so I consider it an **editorial change**. (In the dataset used for the vote, none of the stops with stop_access=1 have any pathway data)

> |  `stop_access` | Enum | **Conditionally Forbidden** | Indicates how the stop is accessed for a particular station. Valid options are: <br><br>`0` - The stop/platform cannot be directly accessed from the street network. It must be accessed from a station entrance if there is one defined for the station, otherwise the station itself. If there are pathways defined for the station, they must be used to access the stop/platform.<br>`1` - Directions for access should be generated directly to the stop, independent of any entrances or pathways of the parent station.<br><br>When `stop_access` is empty, the access for the specified stop or platform is considered undefined.<br><br>**Conditionally Forbidden**:<br>- **Forbidden** for locations which are stations (`location_type=1`), entrances (`location_type=2`), generic nodes (`location_type=3`) or boarding areas (`location_type=4`).<br>- **Forbidden** if `parent_station` is empty.<br> - Optional otherwise. |

Reviewer 2: I'm relatively new to pathways and with an organization that doesn't use OTP, but I think this gets to the heart of the issue (or at least my lack of understanding), that the use of the current definition of entrance (location_type=2) should potentially be broader than how it's currently used.  Is there any reason that entrances/exits can be placed both at the boundaries of an agency's property AND adjacent to any doors into a physical station area?  I don't come from the trip planner side and don't know how the algorithms work, but it seems that would allow for either using agency path through their property or the trip planner's street network to get to any/all stops (location_type = 0) within the parent station via the shortest route. The inside/outside boundary becomes less important than geographic places to connect to the transit complex as a whole. This may create a path that includes multiple entrances (or exits) along a path, but is that an issue?  To me, more entrances/exit points = better.   Any reason a entry/exit (2) or stop (0) can't also act as a generic (3) stop/node?

    - The stop (`location_type=0` or empty) is explicitly marked with `stops.stop_access=1`, in which case it is assumed to be directly accessible from the street network.

|  Field Name | Type | Presence | Description |
|  ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ |
|  `pathway_id` | Unique ID | **Required** | Identifies a pathway. Used by systems as an internal identifier for the record. Must be unique in the dataset. <br><br> Different pathways may have the same values for `from_stop_id` and `to_stop_id`.<hr>_Example: When two escalators are side-by-side in opposite directions, or when a stair set and elevator go from the same place to the same place, different `pathway_id` may have the same `from_stop_id` and `to_stop_id` values._|
|  `from_stop_id` | Foreign ID referencing `stops.stop_id` | **Required** | Location at which the pathway begins.<br><br>Must contain a `stop_id` that identifies a platform (`location_type=0` or empty), entrance/exit (`location_type=2`), generic node (`location_type=3`) or boarding area (`location_type=4`).<br><br> Values for `stop_id` that identify stations (`location_type=1`) or stops (`location_type=0` or empty) with `stop_access=1` are forbidden.|

> |  `to_stop_id` | Foreign ID referencing `stops.stop_id` | **Required** | Location at which the pathway ends.<br><br>Must contain a `stop_id` that identifies a platform (`location_type=0` or empty), entrance/exit (`location_type=2`), generic node (`location_type=3`) or boarding area (`location_type=4`).<br><br> Values for `stop_id` that identify stations (`location_type=1`) or stops (`location_type=0` or empty) with `stop_access=1` are forbidden.|

Reviewer 3: 👍 I think that's fine.
